Update documentation to include `strictNullChecks` as required (#1438)
colinhacks/zod: README.md

- TypeScript 4.1+!
- You must enable `strict` mode in your `tsconfig.json`. This is a best practice for all TypeScript projects.

> - Make sure that `strictNullChecks` mode is also enabled, otherwise static typechecking will return all properties as optional!

Reviewer: I think we should highlight the "override" behavior here. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Make sure that `strictNullChecks` mode has not been disabled explicitly by setting it to `false` elsewhere, otherwise TypeScript will infer all properties as optional. If you're extending a base config, you may need to set this to be explicitly `true`.
```

  ```ts
  // tsconfig.json
  {
    // ...
    "compilerOptions": {
      // ...
      "strict": true,

>       "strictNullChecks: true,

Reviewer: I don't think this line should be part of our setup instructions. It's only the case that you shouldn't set it to `false`, rather than that you need to set it to `true`.
